right
here's one all right
now that is a trapdoor spider
now these spiders are amazing
they live permanently inside a soaked
line tube
and they just make a little lid out of
debris and soil and
silk and it fits absolutely perfectly
onto that hole
hidden behind the trapdoor the spider
detects its prey through ultra sensitive
hairs on its legs
when it feels vibration it springs the
trap
so if i get a stick and i just
lever it up you can see
yeah in there you see it now he's in
there okay
so he he's gonna wait until an insect
crawls past all we've got to do now
is to sit here and wait
these spiders remain safely hidden day
and night
they only risk emerging for a split
second under the cover of darkness
to snatch their victim
oh here's a qriket look look a tree
cricket a very small one it's just
it's just beneath the
it's lip now it's it's just
millimeters from the edge of the lid and
it's it's stopped and it's preening its
antennae and leg
now the lid's moved just a fraction
so the spider is aware it's there
yes got it look at that did you see that
that was so quick this
is just one of the ingenious hunting
strategies spiders have evolved
[Music]
[Applause]
you